[15482] UPDv6 support in ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER environment variable ad fast-discovery-server (#401)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/env_vars/env_vars.rst

  is |SERVER| or |BACKUP|, then the variable is used to add remote *servers* to the given *server*, leaving the
  :ref:`discovery protocol<discovery_protocol>` as |SERVER| or |BACKUP| respectively.

* The value of the variable must list the locator of the server in the form of:

    + An IPv4 address like ``192.168.2.23``. The UDP port can be appended using `:` as in ``192.168.2.23:35665``.
    + An IPv6 address that follows RFC3513_ address convention like ``1080::8:800:200C:417A``. Again a UDP port can be
      appended like in ``[1080::8:800:200C:417A]:35665``. Note the use of square brackets to avoid ambiguities.

>     + A DNS name can be specified. This name would be used to query known hosts and available DNS servers to try to

Author: acknack

    +----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. important::
    IP addresses specified in ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER`` must be either valid IPv4/IPv6 addresses or domain names.

>     If a name can be resolved into several addresses is possible to: choose them all or restrict the selection (using
>     prefixes) to the first IPv4 or IPv6 address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If a name can be resolved into several addresses it is possible to either use them all or restrict the selection to the first IPv4 or IPv6 address using the `UDPv4:` and `UDPv6:` prefixes respectively.
```

Author: acknack
